okay guys so the OMD the oh my Nance
moment in this episode is when West does
decide to dance with seeds I get the
sense that every single person at that
registration table out there goes click
what are we gonna do I don't know I'm
still thinking well you better think
fast running a time
competition has already started and we
haven't got to the stage in there
getting ready for competition phases are
what are you doing here look I told you
I don't need your help
east only got nine dancers look we'll
figure it out you're minutes away from
getting on that stage we're not gonna
notice you would get disqualified
all right but after this or even
you're my friend my compass okay Kate
and Emily at first were like what no you
can't do that but then that would have
been my reaction but then I think after
Chris was like I think it's very unique
gave us he was like sportsmanship and
that's really important and I think
everyone kind of saw that and I think
that's so cool like such a turnaround
especially for Emily who like we've seen
her kind of sabotage people in the past
to beat them in terms of like team
captains stuff right yeah and you know
now as a team they're like no the real
way to win is to be competing against
the best group and so we want to give
seeds and also yeah like if they kind of
just got kicked out on a fluke that
would be so little boy you wanted they
want a beat see they want to beat that I
remember that speech yeah yeah you got
it they gotta beat seeds that ever you
like the new Emily yes yeah no way
you're like you make add to make a
confession oh oh yeah
whatever leah has grown on me um she
shown some really good colors away right
and happy colors I'm happy for her so
could you maybe tilt this oh no I'm so
team em all day every day to fullest
both can you tell sure those oh okay
yeah go team exactly so now it's all
combined well 315 held exactly how far
would you guys go for a friend though do
you that what you have done what WestEd
and not to me I would yeah that I would
do that same thing